<!-- TITLE: Annusmirabilis -->
<!-- SUBTITLE: A quick summary of Annusmirabilis -->

# The Orge's Annus Mirabilis
## Book 1
### Chapter 1 - Out with the Horribilis
> Edited by Aris Doe-Katz

Breakur woke up slowly, painfully, clutching his aching skull. It was the first day of the next miserable year of Breakur's life... He had lost his crown. His once great empire had been extinguished like a match in rain. Taken from him by people who either feared or were unable to comprehend the full depth of his love. How he had survived when his brother Prag had stormed, halberd in hand, into his throne room and deposed him he did not know. Gingerly, he tried to raise his naked body up from the muddy puddle he found himself in. He looked down at his exposed flesh, even caked with mud his body looked taut, tan and tasty. He flexed his arms, watermelon sized muscles bulging. The mud that had caked his arms fell off as he strained his muscles. The sinuous motion of his strong arms held him transfixed for a second. It was with a start that he felt something licking his speckled green thighs. He whipped around, seeing as he did a lone goat that bleeted at him. It must have mistaken his greenish skin for some kind of foliage, or it had been naturally drawn to his musky scent. He knew well the effect his smell alone had on people around him. The goat bleeted again. 

The sun was setting when he finished off the final leg of the goat. A final ray of sunshine caught and lingered on his naked chest, sparkling there for a second, glistening on the lard-drippings from the fresh meat. Next to the pile of remaining embers, he heaved a great sigh. For a moment, his mind flashed back to all those sighs he had heard in his life. They were different of course, the sighs of dwarves, orcs, giants, bullywug are all different, but they had all been interwoven with that same orgiastic passion. He wondered if anybody would ever marvel at his sexuality again. Below his mighty chest he felt his two headed beast briefly stir. He had been with many lovers, people had travelled from afar to experience all that he and his court had to offer. Although they had all left in bleary eyed bliss, he had always felt somewhat hollow and discontented after. Something was missing, but he couldn't put his finger on it. 

Memories of great orgies, of pleasure and titilation, swam with the cruel sting of brotherly betrayal, and chased through the mind of Breakur as he lay down on the soft ground. Above him, a single meteor streaked over the night sky of a balmy summer's eve.  Eventually, exhaustion took its hold, promising to begin the great journey of finding out where he was, Beakur surrendered to the soft, grassy bosom of mother gaia.

### Chapter 2 - The Rock Hard Sceptre

When Breakur awoke the skies had changed color into a precipitous purple. In a half-sleep his fingers that had roamed up and down his chiseled and immaculate body in his sleep, gripped what he thought was a nearby branch. He knew that there would be a lot of travel today through rippling rivers and dark, dank dales, and he wished to have a walking stick along for his journey.  But to his surprise it pricked him. It was not a little nick either, when he drew back his hand he saw blueish blood running down it. It was not that this had hurt him especially, he was used to far bigger pricks, it was just that he was surprised. For a second he nursed his bleeding hand in his mouth, his tongue doing a gentle dance across the salty, storied skin. Then, looking down at the thing that had hurt him, he saw what he must have missed yesterday in the twilight - a sceptre, intricately inlaid with words of a great and forgotten elven language. 

He gingerly raised the sceptre, which seemed to initally pulsate and quiver in his hand, but quickly grew hard. He drew the the artifact up to his face, and gave it a sniff. He was overwhelmed with the delicate orchestra of tender smells that the sceptre gave off. His mind reeled with the suffusion sweet and languid odors. He was not merely a dreamer, a poet, a writer, a tender lover and an accomplished acrobat, but he was also gifted with an incredibly acute sense of smell. This was how he managed to smell upon that sceptre, a woman of great stature of poise, a woman of wisdom far beyond her years, a woman whose mere voice could raise the tenderest affection or most terrible condemnation. His delicately sculpted nose summoned up a vision of a woman, a near godly lustre in shimmering in her auburn hair that so perfectly framed her resplendent, green eyes. Eyes that at once seemed in communion with all the good and wisdom in our world, but also eyes that knew of great ravines of sorrow. Breakur knew that he must have this woman. 

Grabbing the hilt of the rigid sceptre he raised himself up. He hastily fashioned a loin cloth from the petals of nearby lillies, and set off into towards the horizon, towards where destiny and the mysterious spectre beckoned him. The early morning sun glinted on his green, naked skin as he walked. 
